Improve NocgoOpenSSL.md (#2198)
microsoft/go: eng/doc/NocgoOpenSSL.md

## How the backend is selected

* If cgo is explicitly enabled with `CGO_ENABLED=1`, the cgo-based OpenSSL backend is used.

> * If cgo is disabled with `CGO_ENABLED=0` and you're on a supported architecture, the cgo-less OpenSSL backend is used.

Reviewer: I think it's worth clarifying what happens when you're not on a supported architecture.

```suggestion
* If cgo is disabled with `CGO_ENABLED=0`, then:
  * If you're on a supported architecture, the cgo-less OpenSSL backend is used.
  * If you're on an unsupported architecture, the build fails.
```

(Not 100% sure bifurcation is needed, maybe just a note as a sub-bullet, but I definitely think something is necessary.)

> * If cgo is not explicitly enabled or disabled, then the cgo-less OpenSSL backend is used if the Go toolchain decides that cgo should be disabled. These are the rules at the time of writing:

Reviewer: Include date so anyone who wants to know the time of writing doesn't have to dig through Git, also include an official link:

```suggestion
* If cgo is not explicitly enabled or disabled, then the cgo-less OpenSSL backend is used if the Go toolchain decides that cgo should be disabled. The rules are officially described by [cmd/cgo](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/cgo). This is a summary, at the time of writing (2026-03-19):
```

  * cgo is disabled if the Go toolchain is built with `CGO_ENABLED=0`. Note that that's not currently the case for the Microsoft build of Go. 
  * cgo is disabled when cross-compiling.
  * cgo is disabled if the `CC` environment variable is not set to an existing executable.

## Runtime dependencies

The cgo-less OpenSSL backend still relies on the C machinery to load OpenSSL at runtime and manage threads.

> The following are the expected runtime dependencies other than OpenSSL itself on glibc-based systems:

Reviewer: Should we also document what's expected on musl systems?

Author: Yes, but I still don't know what to expect in there. Will leave it for a future PR.

* `libc.so.6` for various C library functions.
* `libdl.so.2` for loading OpenSSL at runtime using `dlopen`.
* `libpthread.so.0` for managing Go's threads.

> Note that `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` functionality is already provided by `libc.so.6` since glibc 2.34.

Reviewer: Might also be worth noting that this means there is no runtime dependency on the *same* libc version that the program was built on? I think fully understanding this paragraph leaves you with the right impression, but this is a big scare with libc and I think it's worth addressing directly.

The Microsoft build of Go supports platforms with older versions of glibc, so it still links to `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` directly.
If your platform doesn't provide these libraries, the preferred solution is to install the appropriate runtime or compatibility packages so that `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` are available in standard system library directories (for example `/lib` or `/usr/lib`).

> As an advanced workaround, you may instead create symlinks to `libc.so.6` in a directory searched by the dynamic linker (for example, a system library directory) and update the loader cache if required (for example by running `ldconfig`); this typically requires root privileges and should only be done if you understand the implications for your system's C library.

Reviewer: This is pretty imposing when rendered. Maybe split, and make it a "real" note?

Also, nit: name the symlinks.

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` functionality is already provided by `libc.so.6` since glibc 2.34.
> The Microsoft build of Go supports platforms with older versions of glibc, so it still links to `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` directly.
>
> If your platform doesn't provide these libraries, the preferred solution is to install the appropriate runtime or compatibility packages so that `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` are available in standard system library directories (for example `/lib` or `/usr/lib`).
>
> As an advanced workaround, you may instead symlink `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` to `libc.so.6` in a directory searched by the dynamic linker (for example, a system library directory) and update the loader cache if required (for example by running `ldconfig`); this typically requires root privileges and should only be done if you understand the implications for your system's C library.
```

> [!NOTE]
> The `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` functionality is already provided by `libc.so.6` since glibc 2.34.
> The Microsoft build of Go supports platforms with older versions of glibc, so it still links to `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` directly.
>
> If your platform doesn't provide these libraries, the preferred solution is to install the appropriate runtime or compatibility packages so that `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` are available in standard system library directories (for example `/lib` or `/usr/lib`).
>
> As an advanced workaround, you may instead symlink `libdl.so.2` and `libpthread.so.0` to `libc.so.6` in a directory searched by the dynamic linker (for example, a system library directory) and update the loader cache if required (for example by running `ldconfig`); this typically requires root privileges and should only be done if you understand the implications for your system's C library.
